Α Of the affeHionr of the mind. 27‘3
great erigin of the blood’s ‘motion,·
the heart, contratt with leffer or ·
greater force. Wherefore the pulse .

discovers those alterations even in
their very begining. ·

Bor before Ι corne to the merli·
cal treatment of the disordersof the
² mind, itsmay not be improper to
take notice that the omnipotent
Creator has given us these natural
commotione for very wife ends 3
which seem ro be, that thereby wo
may be urged with a kind of impe·
tuofity to {hun evil, and embrace
good. Wheresore the passions are
not bad in themselves3 it it their
excess that becomes vicinus, when
‘they rise to such an extravagant
piteh aa not to be governedby the
dictates of reason,

Now, to affwage these swelling
surges of the foul, is the bufinets
of philosophy. But, alar! in this ,

’ ‘N n · point

 

